in this fast-paced world often people
are burdened with the many financial and
emotional worries to top that they live
a sedentary lifestyle these factors make
them prone to Major Medical events often
termed as critical illness such
illnesses and accidents can have an
adverse impact on one's finances an
unfortunate death or disability or even
hospitalization due to such events might
affect an individual's ability to meet
his financial liabilities such as
serving a loan or meeting day-to-day
expenses to cater to such customer needs
go for ICICI Lombard's critty Shield
plus a plan that ensures that protection
doesn't stop it helps you during any
major or minor illnesses or major
surgeries covered under the policy or if
you meet with an accident icic Lombard's
critty Shield plus comes with many key
benefits such as coverage for 92
critical illnesses coverage for 106
surgical procedures cancerous store
benefit multiple pay for critical
illness 92 major and minor critical
illnesses are covered by this plan this
is a severity based payout it covers
100% for major critical illnesses and
25% for minor critical illnesses which
are classified into cancer and blood
disorders heart and blood vessels major
organs nervous system other illnesses
the best part is there is no waiting
period between claims and that's not all
CR shied plus also provides optional
coverage for6 surgical procedures the
severity based payout is 100% for major
surgery and 50% for minor surgery this
plan also offers cancer restore benefit
so you will be eligible to claim under
this benefit provided you renew this
policy subject to having received the
premium for the cancer and blood
disorders bucket and cancer restore
benefit as per the original sum insured
at the time of renewal when illnesses
are on the rise it's better to stay
additionally protected the multiple pay
for critical illness option allows you
to claim from major and minor Bucket
from each of the five critical illness
buckets in times like these don't wait
for a life-threatening or critical
illness to strike and you plan
for it and protect yourself and your
family today with ICI Lombards pretty
Shield plus not only are you covered for
a major exigency but you can also count
on quick and easy in-house claim
processing with 24/7